Types of variables:
There are 3 types of variables in Java with respect to scope/visibility/accessibility:
1) Local
2) instance
3) static

LOCAL VARIABLES:
Local variables are the variables, which are defined inside the block of code, such as
if-else statement,loop, switch-statement, or main methods. They can only be accessed with-in that block of code.
UpSide:
They occupy the memory for least amount of time inside your computer.
You should always try to go with local variables.
DownSide:
They can only be accessed within the same block where they are created.

INSTANCE VARIABLES:
The variables which are defined inside a class, but outside of block of code, like method,
if-else statement, loop, switch etc, are called instance variables.They can be accessed anywhere
in the class except static methods.
UpSide:
They can be accessed anywhere inside the class other than static methods.
DownSide:
They occupy the memory as long as the class is created. They are kept there for as long as an object
of the class is created.

STATIC VARIABLES:
Static variables are created using static keyword. They are also created outside of blocks
of code, like methods, loops etc.
UpSide:
We can save a lot of space, because for static, only one memory location is used for all
the objects.
DownSide:
It occupies the memory for longest period of time. Static variables hold only one copy
for all the objects.


ACCESS MODIFIERS:
Access Modifiers in Java help us control who can access what. There are four access levels.
We use three keywords to control these levels:
1) private
2) default
3) protected
4) public
Private:
Is the most restricted one and when used with a variable or method, those can't be accessed
outside of that class.

Default:
Anything that you create inside the class, if you don't specify the access mode, will be
created by default method. They can be accessed in other classes within the same package.

Public:
Public variables, classes and methods can be accessed in any places within the same project.

Important note:
1) 99% of all the methods are public.
2) 99% of the instance fields are created as private.
3) 99% of static fields are public.
4) 99% of the time classes are also public.


